getopt-enhanced
===============
Gavin Beatty <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>

getopt-enhanced: an implementation of the getopt (enhanced) utility written
using python's getopt module. Meant to be used as an easy-to-install fallback
if the system getopt is not good enough. Passes the GNU getopt -T test.

    Usage: getopt-enhanced.py [OPTIONS] [-- ARGUMENTS]

For more usage details, see the manual.


Dependencies
------------

Python with getopt module.


License
-------

getopt-enhanced Copyright 2009, 2010 Gavin Beatty <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You can find the GNU General Public License at:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/


Install
-------

Use setuptools in the usual way:

    sudo python setup.py install

To install only for the current user:

    python setup.py install --user

For additional help:

    python setup.py --help


Install documentation
---------------------

Default installation prefix is `/usr/local`:

    sudo make install-docs

Install to your own prefix:

    make install-docs PREFIX=~/.local


Website
-------

https://github.com/gavinbeatty/getopt-enhanced
